[Autogenerated] now suppose that I'm not happy with this assertion framework.
The assertion in jail unit are in fact not that great on.
There is a very good assertion framework in the Java space called assert J.
By the way, a ser jay is an open source project available on get hub.
You can check it at the following address.
So how can I use a ser jay instead of J Unit,
where what we need to do is to set up a dependency
between message surveys and this framework?
As for J So let us go back to the properties of this
project as I enter and this time,
assert Jay is not known as a default library within eclipse.
So from there we can do several things so we can add it as an external job here,
navigate to the right directory,
and I have propelled wall now and select the jaw off as a J to declare
it as a dependency of our project on this would work.
But it will be a little tedious if we want to put this Asir
J dependency to more than one project.
So let us delete it like that.
We can also create directly a library.
Use a library here next.
Here.
I do not have any library declared so.
Letters.
Dica, Wanna click user library here?
We're going to get a new library called Assert J.
OK, add external job to this library.
Put the aso Jake or with the right version in it, playing closer.
And now we can select this assert J library as a dependency of our project.
Let us apply and closer get reader of this assertion used the assertions
class from Answer J and say that acid that Messager easy call to the expected
message which is expected with the control shift.
Oh, shortcut.
We can get reader of the unused import in this class.
Just run this test once again here.
And of course, the result will be the same.
So this is how you can define the dependency in user libraries in the Crips on add those user libraries as dependencies off any Java project